[MUSIC]
>> Mike: Something's been bugging me
about the app we have been building.
And it's that this word favorite on
the screen, it's always favorite.
You don't have it switch to unfavorite
if something's already in the array.
We are not really surfacing the concept
of this has been to the favorite list.
So we're gonna use computer
properties to solve that problem.
We're gonna enhance
the github-org component.
And we're gonna add some indication
of a favorited state to the list,
to each item in the list of orgs,
on the orgs page.
And so you're going to implement
a computer property called isFavorited.
And I want you guys to build a computer
property macro just like sum,
which I've just showed you.
We will call it isInArray, and
you'll pass the name of a property and
then the name of another property,
which is the list of items to look through
to try to detect whether
the item's in the array.
And I want you to use that
property in the template for
your github-org component to alternate
between the word Favorite and Unfavorite.
So if you click something, it'll toggle,
indicating that it's favorited and
you can toggle it again.
And now we'll be finally be surfacing
this thing that we added yesterday,
this favorited state to the user.